Transcript filename: Said - 2026-03-26 11-14-03.txt

Return only the final Markdown meeting note.
Do not include commentary, preamble, explanations, or code fences.
The note must begin with '# Meeting:' and follow the required meeting-note structure.
Include these exact required headings:
## Executive Summary
## Decisions
## Action Items
## Risks / Concerns
Do not use alternative headings such as Notes, Summary, or Key Points.
If a required section has no content, include the heading and write '- None identified'.
Do not invent facts.
Do not invent participants, owners, dates, deadlines, or decisions.
Only include people as Participants if they clearly spoke or were explicitly present in this meeting.
People mentioned but not confirmed present must not be listed as Participants.
If uncertain, omit or mark the uncertainty explicitly.
Prefer omission over invention.

--- TRANSCRIPT START ---

 I apologize. Sorry, I was writing something. Surprise! But I always like to keep you guessing as to whether I'm ever going to join or not. No, no. Honestly, because I was typing an email to Vladimir, just making sure that he's not going to send the email. Was your email to Vladimir the written representation of this? Yeah, exactly. That's exactly it. You know, because obviously we're under tremendous pressure from DN and, you know, we promised so many things to DN and BP about solutions that it's not even feasible. So, I think we need to be careful this time not to adapt other things that we cannot even promise. We cannot even see whether it's, or we do have visibility whether it's achievable or not. So, it's in relation to CoreMarsh and these small flaps and the way the application reconnects and stuff like that. I'm assuming that you know. Yeah, I know. I'm aware of all of that stuff. And I trust you guys have got it. And you know where I am when you need it, right? Yeah, of course, of course, of course. I know that you do have visibility to the chat. So, it's in the BP major incident. And I just, my concern is not, I mean, I know that we're working on it. We already haven't had a meeting with Per Pollack and Vladimir. And my question is always, as a team, why your application does not connect once the TCP IP stack is available? I mean, if it's flat and it's only for 10 seconds, I would expect the application to reconnect in 12 seconds, meaning I can give it to two seconds down, you know, because... It should be rechecking for the connectivity every 10 seconds, or every five seconds, or every three seconds, or every second, right? Yeah. I mean, why can't we leave it to the TCP? That's the whole TCP transmission control protocol. Leave it to retransmission. I mean, it's reliable enough. And it seems that we do have another reliable connection-oriented mechanism in the application. As a team, that conflicts... I mean, for me personally, sensitive applications like voice over IP, for example, which is use UDP because, you know, it cares a lot about the connections. And if it relies on the TCP, that can lead to... Because of that retransmission mechanism, it can lead to a heavy delay, right? So that's why they moved it to UDP. And I said to him, even that one, it can reconnect faster than our application. And why our application does not connect instantly once the TCP IP stack is available? And this is where Peter Pollack is not coming back to me about an update on this one. And I told him, if I'm not going to get an update from Peter Pollack, then we cannot confirm to Comarch that we will fix the problem. If Peter Pollack does not have the solution for it, then the problem is not fixable. And then we promise something that we can achieve. And we're going to find ourselves in back to square one. Where do we get the end? It's going to rip us apart because we promised something that we can achieve. So it's an issue. How was your trip? My trip was all right. Atlanta was Atlanta. I mean, you know, you know what these American cities are like. They're all soulless, big American cities that all look very similar. But it was super positive for AV. You know, really, honestly, man, there's such excitement around our organization in the market right now. It's unreal. We've got to the point where, and look, huge props to the marketing team, for example, because we've got to the point where I walk around in my AV hoodie. And, you know, for the last few years, I used to walk around in my AV hoodie and people come up and go, oh, AV, I think I've heard of you guys. What is it you do? Whereas now I get people walking up to me and going, oh, AV, you're the guys that do me. And I'm like, yeah, we are. And they're like, oh yeah, we should have a conversation. We really need to talk to you guys. Right. And it's like the business is coming to us now. We're not going to the business anymore. Right. And it's, it's super exciting. And, and you know, our partnership with Verifone is getting really hot. They are so keen to work with us. Honestly, our biggest problem with Verifone right now is that they want to do so much with us that they have, they could completely overwhelm our entire organization. Right. Is that a bad thing or a good thing? Well, exactly. Right. They, all I'm trying to do at the moment is, is kind of narrow them down and say, Hey, let's focus on, on this thing first. Yeah. We will do all of this. Right. All right. Yes. Focus on this one first. Cause otherwise we'll end up in the log jam situation, right? Where we're trying to do too many things and we're not getting any of them over the line. And that's what I don't want to do. So I'm now putting together a 90 day plan with Verifone where I say, look, here are the things we want to achieve in 90 days. We want to show some success for us. We want to show some success for you. We want to be able to shout about it in the market. We always want to be able to go and take those next steps. One of the most interesting conversations I ended up having, um, was with a company called blue thing. Um, uh, I don't know if you've ever come across them, but they're basically a P2P as a service company. Yeah. Um, and essentially look, and I said, I was chatting to their CEO. Um, and essentially, uh, I said, look, you guys have, and fair play to you, made a really niche business out of doing admin that no one else wants to do. And he went, yeah, or we're, we're, we're just really good at filling in forms. And I was like, that's exactly what you are. Right. And, and look, fucking fair play to you, man. You've done an amazing job of riding the misunderstanding of most people in the industry as to what P2P is and believing that they need it and making it a product. So absolutely fucking fair play to you. And you're doing something that we don't want to do, right? We don't want to own the end to end P2P certification and the revalidation and all of that stuff because part of our sale to our customer is flexibility. So we say you can work with any fulfillment partner and you can work with any device. And as soon as you've got all of those variables in play, we can't manage it. And so he said, we should fucking partner, right? We should absolutely partner because with a bluefin P2P layer on an AV product, we are the freedom pay, but with flexibility. Right. And it was like, exactly. And he said, oh, you know, do you guys do anything in fuel? And I was like, do we do anything in fuel? Fuck me. We do 11 European countries for BP. You know, we still work in three European countries for Total. We're breaking into fuel market in the US. And he's like, cool. We could start that this afternoon. And I'm like, great. Let's talk. Right. Because again, look, functionally they've got, and I'll need to get you involved in the conversations because they do have HSS, HSM services. They'd obviously use their HSM services for, for doing key loading, key management. We don't necessarily need them, but they also obviously do fulfillment services with all of their fulfillment partners so that we can use our fulfillment partners through them. But fundamentally their biggest product is the P2P manager, which is a front end solution that does all of the device tracking and the signatures at the right time. And the, you know, everybody has to say, I touch this device and put their signature against it. And it tracks where it's been and all of those sorts of things. And then they do all of the form filling and the validation and all of that sort of stuff. But we are going to have a meeting with them pretty soon that I'd love to get you involved in, which is just to talk about the two technical architectures next to each other. And which bits make sense from us and which bits make sense for them and how we would kind of mesh the two things together. And simply because, you know, it's HSME security angle. And I think it would be a good one for you to get involved in. I also hope you don't mind. I think I might have told you I was going to, I hope you don't mind that I've nominated you as being the security lead in my AI team. You know, more than happy that as a matter of fact, you know, I'm, you know, the privilege is all mine, mate. Honestly, I mean, the fact that I've seen my name in there, I know that led to some questions on why it was me, not Vladislav. But I said, well, that's not for me to answer. Vladislav can absolutely be there from a data security point of view, if you want to be, if he wants to be. But I need you, I need you from a pure security point of view, involved in the solution. And it means that you'll get to work with Andreas. Andreas is a good guy. I don't know if you worked with Andreas before? Andreas? Yeah, of course. He's a good lad. He used to be in the UK office reasonably regularly. He now lives in Sweden. But he's, he's a lovely chap. And he's going to be kind of running the initiative from a technical point of view. I'm the executive sponsor for it. So you'll get to. That boy's a genius, man. He really is, right? Yeah. He's super cool. And, and very pragmatic. He understands, you know, he's not like, because, because in this company, we have, we have two types of genius. We have the Petter Polak, Pavel Nadrasky guys on this far side who are pure technical genius. They are, but they are so pure that sometimes they over-engine it because they are like, we need to strive for technical perfection. Yeah. You then have people like me over here who are like, no, no, no. Commercial success matters the most, right? We just need to fucking get something out the door. I don't give a fuck if it's technically perfect. And then Andrea sits perfectly in the middle of that where he's able to know the technical perfection and bring the pragmatism to say, look, I get it. I understand what we need to do from the security angle or from the commercial angle. I understand what technical perfection looks like. And here is how we make those things work together. And here is how we do it quickly. Right. That's what I always thought about, you know, I always thought of him to fit that position, but unfortunately it's been misused previously with you now. Hopefully, uh, I think he's much happier. I can see the smile on his face. I mean, I've my wrist meeting. He was, he was very, very, very depressed. The poor guy. He was, he said, there's nobody out there. It seems to be understanding. But now you can see, the smile back in his face, which is really good. I mean, it's good. It's always good to hear. He has a role in the organization, which is cross organizational. It needs some pragmatism. It needs some forward thinking and it needs, and it's, and it's technical and he can get his claws into it, but he can really own it as well. Right. And it's not a battle anymore. And look, one of the things that I did with him and you need to tell me when your passport and stuff is sorted, because one of the things that I did with him a few months ago was I, I dragged to, in fact, he was in Prague last week without me. All right. But I dragged him over to Prague a few weeks ago, a few months ago. And then we just sat down with the teams and it was like, it was so motivating for him to be in that office, sat with the guys and having those conversations in person and, you know, getting that stuff done. So, yeah, you need to tell me when you're, when you're able to travel. Yeah, exactly. I'll be the first person to know about it. Yeah, hopefully, because obviously this, this needs to be solved out as well. I would like to meet the Czech people. I think that my last visit was in 2019. Yeah. And that was the only one. And so I do not know the majority of the team. Obviously, I've seen them here in the UK, but some of them still, I mean, I've never met anybody. Yeah. So it would make complete sense to kind of be present there in the meetings. And the new Czech office is really nice and it's a good place to work. And honestly, in terms of getting your motivation going, it really helps, right? It's a really positive thing to do. Okay, good. So that needs to happen. Other updates for you. So, yeah, sorry, you asked about my, my trip. My trip was good. Super positive, mostly very productive. Lots of companies want to work with us. As I say, Verifone are becoming a super important partner to us. So we're going to need to have some focus on that. In terms of the AI initiative, as I say, my expectation from you is basic security oversight, right? When we're connecting these tools together, is there anything that we're going to be flagging to say, actually, fuck, this is, you know, this is giving us the potential for massive data leakage, or this is giving us the potential for, for opening us up to risk X or risk Y, you know, and of course, if Ladislav wants to be involved, and I put him down as the champion for compliance. Right. So I've kind of given him the compliance side of things, you know, making sure we're PCI compliant and all of that stuff. And I've got you as security. Because in my head, that, that, that split kind of makes sense, right? Yeah. Security of our product and our solution versus compliance with ISO. I always, well, I, you know, I always trusted your, your, your judgment. I mean, the most recent conversation that I had, I'm not too sure whether this has triggered the conversation because I received the call. It was, it was not even, you know, a one-to-one meeting. And then obviously, I've been, I felt like I'm under a spotlight where people ask me the question on why Ladislav is not involved in here, why Ladislav is not in here. And I said, well, I mean, Lenka, she's asking me on why Ladislav isn't involved in this, why Ladislav is not in here. I said, look, Lenka, I mean, I'll be honest with you. You made me feel like, um, um, I'm asking, you know, the, the, uh, the person to get me involved and not, not Ladislav. And she said, well, then, then how do you explain that? And I said, well, I'm not the person that I should be explaining that because, you know, if I can read between the lines and I'll be honest with you, um, um, Eddie, it looks that, okay, I'll look after the Czech people because I'm in the C-suite. And then Eddie's looking after the British people. If you see what I mean, and this is sad to say, I mean, do you think that Eddie has added me because we are British and we are sensing, we are sensing a bit of, you know, uh, an empire build from the Czech people. Like you are looking after the Czech. Shouldn't be that way. I think the only reason I said, because Eddie thinks that the cybersecurity is all about the technical aspect, whether to, you know, the CAGRC is all about the governance risk and compliance. Yeah. And this is the reason why, I mean, I don't, you don't expect Vladislav, to provide, uh, you know, the likelihood risk assessment for any, any, any, any, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Cyber security is, it's the protection of the cyberspace, which is the technical aspect of the security, the governance, it's, it's with Vladislav. A hundred percent. Unless, you know, that's it. Basically, you don't, you don't put too much thoughts on it and start thinking, Oh, Eddie's not, not, he did, she did not say Eddie, of course, but I understood it. Exactly. And look, I will happily put Ladislav up to, you know, from the, from the champions up into the, the, the additional team, um, as compliance. Yeah. Right. More than happy, but no one's spoken to me about it. Right. Yeah, exactly. I mean, you know, again, this is, this is, this is my thoughts. I could be wrong. I mean, again, more than happy to be corrected in here. You know, she gave me the impression that she's training him to be the leader of the security, meaning I'm going to be reporting to him very soon. So she wants him to help. There's no fucking way, right. There's no fucking way, honestly. And I'm saying that to you, if that comes out, I appreciate it. But if that comes out and that happens, yeah, we make the split that we spoke about the other week, we make it clean and we say, okay, cool. We've got product security and then we've got organizational compliance. Yeah. Done. Right. And product security comes to product organizational compliance goes to Ladislov. Exactly. And then we just need to work out who sits in which team. Exactly. I mean, again, you know, maybe it's just me and my thoughts. I just, there's no depression and stuff like that. So maybe that's not the case, but it looks that she, she had multiple discussion with me on why Ladislov should have more. She should, he should have more visibility the same way as me. And I said to her, why this is not the case when we're talking about me having the visibility to, to what Ladislov is doing. Right. it's, but again, I mean, is visibility works in two directions, right? Exactly. It's bi-directional. Like you said, exactly. So, again, it's, I don't want to think about it, but also for me, you know, the reason that you've ended up having one-to-ones with me is because you reached out to me and said, Hey, can you help please? Because I'm not getting any visibility. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, did you know, because of the, I had to, I mean, I mean, um, Eddie, tell me, because what's happening. She said to me, do you know anything about the artificial intelligence? I said, hopefully I'm going to be having visibility. Of course. I said, I used to be part of the meeting of Eddie. She said to me, why didn't you take Ladislov with you? And I said, well, I have, I went to, what's his name? To Eddie and asked him if I can have the visibility was proactivity for my end. Yeah. If Ladislov wants the same thing, they don't expect the CPTO to run after people and say, would you like to be part of my meetings? Right. And at no point have I ever told anybody that they can't join any of my meetings. Right. If someone comes to me and says, Hey, I hear you have a meeting on a Monday. Can I join? Absolutely. Exactly. Right. Exactly. And she said, why don't you do it? I mean, it's, it's one of these, you know, look, Eddie, you're up here, right? Don't bring your level down and stuff like that. Don't think about it. It's just the fact that I said to listen, you need to, you need to start thinking about, you know, Ladislov, if he wants to know about the product. And, you know, I always ask the question. And I said, look, I made myself clear. And I said to Eddie, I said, you're very informative with your meetings. I would like to be part of it. As simple as that. That was, that's the reason why that explained my presence in this meeting. It was not Eddie saying, I said, you come and I'm going to be selective and I'm going to choose Said. I'm not going to choose Ladislov. That was not the case. It was me proactively asking Eddie if I can be part, and it's to be part of his meeting, because I found it very beneficial, right? More visibility that I can secure them, whatever the entity is. If Ladislov wants the same thing, then he should be proactively going to the CPTO. You don't expect, I said to her clearly, I said, you don't expect the CPTO to go and chase people. If you want to be part of my meeting, it doesn't make any sense. And she said to me, yeah, I think you're right in that one. And I said, look, for me personally, I don't like these meetings on why we're not included the Czech people and start to kind of creating this. She needs to shut up because three quarters of my fucking team are Czech, right? Yeah, exactly. That's it. I'm not, I go to, I go to the Czech Republic like once a month because I want to make sure that I'm, I'm making, I'm, I'm treating my entire team equally. I think, I think, you know, Eddie, look, you know, for me, it's, it's the, the difference, the gap between, that's why she's acting like this. And she's trying to impose and use the weight again. She's new to the C-suite. Maybe she's settled down and things will come down. I'm hoping so. Right. I think, I think there's a bit of, what is it? They say it goes storming, norming and performing, right? There are those three phases to any new initiative. And I think we're a little bit in the storming phase where she's coming in, she's making some noise, she's pushing some buttons, she's seeing what, what the boundaries look like. She's seeing where she can make a difference. And then we'll, we'll get to the normality. And then we'll get to the performance. Right. And I think those three phases are real. And it's fine. I mean, one thing she, I know. I do wish, I do wish, the one thing that I will say, and please feel free to, to, to push this to her. Just say, have you spoken to Eddie about it? Because she's not bringing me stuff at the minute. Do you know, do you know why, Eddie? She's, look, this, this is, this is me again, reading between the lines. She's scared of you. She's scared of your knowledge, your expertise. You know, you've been in the C-suite for a long time to know the game and everything. And she's not, she's not there yet. If you see what I mean? Yeah. If, if she can find a way to avoid Eddie, then she will avoid it. Not because she dislike you or no, that's not the case. It's more of, um, um, this guy's too technical for me. He's too, he's knowledgeable enough to destroy me and find out about my weakness. Right. See what I mean? I mean, Eddie with, with honesty, I would do the same thing. I'm talking to Eddie. I'm not talking to somebody else. Yeah. Yeah. So I need to be careful. I need to be at his level when the meeting with Eddie is not like meeting with Lenka. That's for sure. Yeah. I'm more relaxed with Lenka. No, no way that because I like her. No, I'm more relaxed because I know Eddie, I cannot bluff my way in. He's knowledgeable enough to stay me to say, you're talking bullshit. I think one of the problems that Lenka has with me is she, she often joins a meeting with me thinking that she has a solution to something. And I do press on the solutions. And I do say, well, hold on a second. Why does that solution make sense? What problem are you trying to solve? Why? She doesn't have answers. That's exactly it. And she doesn't have the answers, right? She doesn't have the answers. You know what? Maybe I need to, maybe I need to give her more space. And rather than challenging. Your challenging is valid. All your challenges are valid. That's the thing. I mean, it's not giving her space, but it is also intimidating. And I can understand why it would be intimidating, right? If every time she brings me something, I go, ah, but have you thought about this, this, this, this, this, and this, or what? Wouldn't it be better if you did this, this, this, and this, then I can understand why that would be intimidating. Yeah, but you know, I mean, take an example, the vulnerability assessment or the vulnerability framework as a whole. So basically when, when you, when you corrected me and gave me some ideas, I opened my eyes. Why would I look like it's intimidating? No, I will say what I, what I say. If once, twice, I think that I'm not at the level of Eddie, then I am going to have to work to be, especially if you are now in the C-suite, you need to set the, you know, you need to meet the expectation of Eddie. If, if his Eddie is ripping you apart in every single meeting and telling you, have you thought about this? Have you thought about making you look stupid in front of others? Then you're going to have to start working on it. I mean, I would rather be with someone who's going to open my eyes rather than me running away from him because I know that I'm not going to be meet his, his expectation. And it's all about the knowledge, right? So in here, for example, you said it, Eddie, she wants, she doesn't want to be part of your meeting and she doesn't want to see, say to you what she was, she's working on, because she knows 100% that she's going to be challenged. And it's not just a random challenge. It's something that makes sense. Yeah. And I try, I mean, you know, you know me, so, right? I try and do it to, to pressure test the idea, right? To make sure that it's, it's, it's functional. And I understand it. I'm not, I'm not challenging. I mean, look, she should be, I'm not saying she should be grateful, but she should be, she should understand that. I've given her my delivery team, right? I still consider them my delivery team, but I've given them to her because I trust her. And actually, I think it makes sense for having centralized delivery in the organization. I think there is a valid argument for having centralized delivery, pulling together operational delivery, engineering delivery, and release management into one team makes sense. And project management, you know, customer delivery. So customer delivery, and that's how I would frame it, right? As I would say, we now have a team that covers customer delivery, product and engineering delivery, operational delivery and release together in one team. so you know where you go and look in the company. If you want to know where something is. She needs to be corrected as well, Eddie. And this is why I, you know, I trust your judgment and I don't trust hers. Again, I mean, I don't want to sound negative in a way that, no, this is not the case, but you know, it's, it's a fact. There is no other way to say it otherwise. I mean, that's the problem, Eddie, is that sometimes, even though you, you likes the person, you want to have a drink with the person, but professionally, you think that his judgment is poor, there is no other way for me to say that he's not right. Or she's not. So that's why I want her. I mean, the reason why I said to the team, let her be in the C-suite because we do have a medication for her. It's Eddie. Eddie will correct her. But my concern is that when Eddie, you know, the absence of Eddie and the decisions being made behind Eddie, that's my concern. I mean, for me personally, when I look at the C-suite, I would say the CEO and CPTO. That's for me, the C-suite because I, I, I, I trust the judgment. Well, sometimes of CEO, but I certainly 100%. And it's not because I'm having a meeting with you. It's a fact. And it's not my, it's the statement of every single member of my team and other people. Eddie is, you know, you talk to Eddie, you've gotten the answer, right? And it's a convincing answer. And it doesn't have to be an answer. Yeah. But it's very productive meeting that anyone wished to be part of it. So in here, if, if, if people trying to avoid people in the C-suite, it's for a reason that not, you know, for their decision not to be objected. And this is my concern. And if you want to go your own route, you know, having, you know, intentionally lacking the visibility to others to, so you can implement whatever you want to do, then that's a big concern. I would rather say, you know, Eddie, I would like to hear your opinion on this one. And build a bridge and say, Eddie, you know, I really trust your judgment. You know, you know, the staff, I would like to hear your opinion on this one. There's nothing wrong with that. It does not mean that you're not competent. I mean, I'm coming to you. She should be able to come to me and ask for advice and ask for my opinion. Knowing. Well, is that, is that, is it the case? That's the question. Is it, is this the case? The case? Yeah. Maybe that's, maybe this is the problem. And I realized this is turning into a counseling session for me. So I do appreciate it. Maybe this is the problem is maybe she thinks she's bringing me solutions and I'm treating it like she's bringing me questions. Maybe. Maybe. That's an interesting point. The other thing, because what I want to, look, between, between you and me, and I've only heard it from one place right now. And so I do need to, to understand whether it's true. The other thing that I've heard is that she is still, she is pushing some buttons with the check team and saying, oh, you know, Eddie doesn't have control of engineering and Eddie doesn't know what's going on. And I'm a bit worried that I'm hearing that statement. Now, whether it's true or not, I don't know. I always try and understand that, you know, sometimes people take the wrong end of the stick from a conversation. And, you know, I always try and, I always try and see both sides of, of every thing. But, you know, the rumor that I've heard is that she's been having meetings with people and still kicking, kicking it, a kicking against engineering when she has her own house to look at. Right. And be, uh, testing or, I don't want to say undermining, but I mean, she's, she's, if that's the case, she's opening the door, she cannot close. That's the problem. Which is, which is it, right? And look, I'm, you know me, I'm never going to start a fight, right? But I'll fucking finish. You don't, you don't, you don't want to, you don't want to start a fight with Eddie. That's for sure. You know, listen, I mean, I mean, the only thing that I've heard, I've never seen something negative about the engineering from her personally, but the only thing is that the artificial intelligence. And I said, look, let's not anticipate things. I know that he's basically mentioned something, right? She said to me, have you heard from Eddie in terms of the, you know, turning AV into, you know, a native artificial intelligence, agentic, mainly native artificial intelligence company. And I said, well, the man has got plans. Yeah. If he did not come, he did not reach out to the security, talk about it profoundly. There's a reason for it, because there are phrases, right? He want to give an idea about what his plans, planning to do for 2026, but the, you know, again, this is not to criticize. Maybe she misunderstood that by 20, the end of 2026, we will be an artificial, agentic artificial intelligence, native company. And I said, well, that's not what he meant. I mean, maybe he does have a plan that he will be sharing with us. And I told her, I fully trust. That's where I said to her that I am part of his meetings on Mondays. So I do have visibility to his, and I said to him, I appreciate profoundly his, you know, him involving me. And then she said, well, in that case, we need to include Ladislav. And I said, look, with his permission, I'm more than happy to forward the meeting to Ladislav. And I doubted that, you know, that Eddie will object it. So again, I like working with Ladislav, right? He just never comes to me about anything. Now, you know, again, Eddie, I'll tell you something. Ladislav is not technical, right? And then he's, you know, these Czech people is kind of, you know, keep away, especially from people knowledgeable people like you, right? I mean, that was the case with Chris Pine as well. People, they try to avoid him because he's technical to the point that it will embarrass people. Yeah, technical, yeah, technical to the point of intimidating. And this is exactly what, you know, where Ladislav and Lenka sits now. I don't want to be part of any meeting that, you know, Eddie is part of it because I'm going to be corrected and I'm going to be humiliated. That's, that's, that's their, their understanding, right? You're going to be humiliated once. You're not going to, definitely it's not going to be twice because the next time when you're joining that meeting, you need to set the expectation, right? And then from there, you will see, you know, I'm talking to someone who knows his, his shit, right? That's, that's, it is. That was my case. You know, it's a fact, Eddie, when I'm talking to Eddie, it's like, I need to be ready. I have to do my homework. And you know, my, you know, especially within things within my area of expertise, I have to be ready, right? not because, because I have been with Eddie and I know his expertise and I know that it's something that he understand my language. When I'm speaking terminology, you know, security or network or whatever it is, AWS, then he knows, right? So I cannot say anything. With Lenka, literally, I can say OSPF and she doesn't know. OSPF is not even related topic and I can survive it. But the other thing is, it's not that, it's not even that she doesn't know because I don't know everything straight away. Right? No, you know, you're clever. You're clever, meaning you're intelligent in a way that if I'm going to give you a description about the topic, you will become subject matter of expert next meeting. And this is, this is, this is why, this is why, you know, Eddie is Eddie. You know, if I give you just a small description about the topic, a couple of days, that's why people, they drop in you this, you know, these meetings within one day. So you don't have a time to explore it in a way that you become a subject matter expert in the meeting. The problem is, is I now have a hell of an AI workflow. So I've got three, three local AIs running on my, on my PC. There you go. There you go. So my, my laptop, I don't know. So, so you want me to discuss the security of the art, agentic artificial intelligence. You'll be sad. You said, so you see this, this down here. Yeah. That's my external GPU. So I've got a, a GeForce RTX 2070 running in there. And I've got Thunderbolt four connected to my laptop, which means I have enough power to run local AI models. Right. So I mean, just, just, just this expression, just this three sentence you said. Yeah. Try to say that to Ladislav. You won't understand. You know, that's why it makes people scared of you to be part of your meetings, because I mean, he's, he's part of the meeting as a subject matter of experience security. Yeah. And you know, artificial intelligence enough to secure it as well. So you will basically correct someone subject, another subject matter. He said, that's your field, mate. Who made you, you made him look like, who made you, you know, head of security. You do not know nothing about the security. And that's the concern from other people, not other people, not all of them. You know, some people, they wish to be part of a meeting because it's very informative and they enjoy it. The only meeting that I don't look at the clock and watch is your meetings. And it flies by. I mean, as if, you know, why? Because I'm enjoying it. You know, literally five minutes with Lincoln, I'm start looking at, you know, when this meeting is going to end. Don't get me wrong. Listen, Eddie, I swear. It's not because it's, you know, for me, fact is a fact. If, if I see something, I'll give it a chance. One meeting, two meetings, three meetings, four meetings, I can judge the person. I say, listen, you know what? It's just a waste of time and space. It's, you know, I'm not going to get nothing out of it. Yeah. But when someone is fit and I enjoy this company because I'm, it's either, it's bi-directional feeding and stuff like that. I enjoyed it. Right. And that's why I came to you and I said, I would love to. It's something that I always wanted to. I said, why, you know, the only reason, you know, the only way to get out of this misery is to be reported to, is to report to Eddie. But again, I mean, I just give you an idea. about how Lenka is looking at the situation. Now she's a C-suite and she's trying to say here, I'm here. As an entity, I'm here. I'm the C-suite. But for me personally, deep down, I did not say that to her. I said, Lex, you don't want to open the door that you cannot close. Especially with Eddie. You literally, you play with a fire. You do not know Eddie. Tell me. Tell me. I mean, you think I'm an expert. Yeah. You should try Eddie. Yeah. It is in there. It's another layer. But I mean, instead of building the bridge and, you know, try to learn from Eddie, there is nothing wrong with learning. This is the thing. I want, I really genuinely say, I want to support her and I want her to succeed. And look, the reason, part of the reason why she's got the role that she's got is because I was recommending her behind, you know, to Mike and to Matthias. And I was saying, look, again, and the way I phrased it is, if you think of the COO role. Yeah. Outside of technical operations. And you think of the COO role of company operations. How does the company operate? Right? Yeah. And then I think she's good for it because she understands how the people work. She understands the mentality of certainly the people in the Czech Republic, which makes up a huge percentage of our company. She's good at the compliancy stuff. That's where she cut her teeth in the organization. She's good at understanding how we work with the auditors, how we get those processes done. She's organized. She's dogged with that stuff. You know, she's, she's able to, to drive stuff through. And from that point of view, company operations makes sense under Lenka. But I said from day one, she's not technical. She will not be the point of escalation for technical operations issues. I said, but that's my job, right? I'm CPTO. If it's a technology problem or a product problem, it comes up to me anyway. She will deal with the customer stuff. She'll deal with the customer escalation. She'll deal with the, you know, the communication part, maybe. But if it's a technical problem, I'll take it. We don't need two centers of gravity in, in, in, in technology, right? We don't. Are you, are you, are you meeting halfway with her? I'm trying to. No, but I, I mean, you're trying, but are you? Meaning, does he have, because it's all about her knowing that you've, you know, you're waiting for her halfway. I mean, again, waiting is the wrong word because waiting is that you are proactively saying, Hey, I'm here. Come to me. But it should be basically both at the same time. And the exact, you know, that's, that's what I meant because it looks to me that, that she has the impression that, you know, you know, you're not giving her the arm and meeting her halfway. That's the problem. Again, there's nothing. She knows that I'm a very close friend to you. You know, that's why the conversation is very limited when it comes to Eddie. That's for sure. Right. And for me, I'm, you know, I'm a loose cannon when it comes to the fact that I say it, I really don't care. You are not Eddie and you will never be Eddie. That's for sure. Right. It will take you the rest of your life to be at the level of Eddie. Yeah. So she doesn't need to be, right. Exactly. It doesn't need to be a competition. But it is a competition, Eddie. Now it is a competition. Meaning in a way that, look, I'll give you an example. Her, her statement about the artificial intelligence. I said, look, Eddie knows his shit. And he will involve the security. And he will involve the security. So again, I said to her, if you want to, for me, it looks to me that you want to challenge Eddie. And this is not something that you will, you will achieve. I would rather you meet halfway. Meaning Eddie, I'll help you and you help me. And that's how it works. Right. Disintegration is not, is not an option for AV, especially now. I mean, you know, again, and you're not competing. And when it comes to, you know, competition, then it's not something that you will, you will argue with, with Eddie. It's not, you don't stand the ground, basically. So again, this is based on three one-to-ones, right? And it's all about, I would say five minutes. I mean, the whole meeting is about half an hour, five to 10 minutes. It's all about Eddie. Meeting Eddie is Eddie, Eddie, Eddie is, I said, look, you know, Eddie, for me personally, I gave my feedback and I said, look, I'll be honest with you, Lenka, if, if, if, if, if I will, you know, if I give it, I've been given the choice, I'll work with Eddie. Without the shadow of the doubt. Because we understand each other. We speak the same language. He's technical. That's why he's a CPTR, right? And I'm technical. My dream is to work with Eddie. It's not, that means I'm not happy working with you, of course, but my struggle is basically when I speak, you don't understand me. And I don't expect you, but, you know, now you're a CEO, you're in the obligation to understand me. Previously, it is, it was what it was, but now we need to kind of build that relationship. Yeah. Yeah. But again, for me personally, the fact that it's, it's not a negative one, Eddie, just to emphasize, so I don't blame, you don't blame them. But it looks to me that she fears you. She fears your knowledge. She fears the moment that she's going to be sitting in front of you, looking at her eye, exposing her, that she's not competent enough to be a COO. Does that make sense? Maybe. That's what it is. And you know what? Maybe that's exactly what it is, Said. I think you might have hit a nail on the head. But that's not my intention, right? My intention is to support her in becoming a COO, not... No, no. Look, Eddie, anyone sitting on the same table, talking to you mainly about a topic, should be the case. Everybody fears you, including me, Eddie. I'm not going to lie to you. It's just sometimes I don't want to say it. You know, when we're talking about something, my involvement in the artificial intelligence, I start working on it. And I said, look, you know what? I need to meet the expectation now. Eddie is asking me to look at this, then I need to be working on it, you know, using the correct terminology, you know, you know, mainly the, you know, what's the use case for this one? Is it agentic? Is it traditional way of using the artificial intelligence? I need to cover everything. Why? Because simply I'm talking to Eddie. Yeah. This is basically some people, they can literally work on it, but some people, they it's for them, it's just not, it's not going to work because I, no matter what I do, I'm not going to be, I'm going to be embarrassed by Eddie. And I certainly do not. I mean, if you reach the point that you don't want to communicate to Eddie because of his knowledge and expertise and stuff and the fear that you're going to be exposed, then it's a big concept. And this is exactly the case. This is exactly the case with the CEO, Eddie. Yeah. And I don't blame her. I really don't blame her. She's, you know, she's more under compliance and everything, right? But I like to, I like to think that I don't project that air, right? It's certainly not at that level. You know, I treat it like an agent. There is, how can you say, how can you do it otherwise? That's your job. If Eddie is a CPTR and he's a good CPTR, he's not the one to be blamed. It's me. If I'm going to be in the C-suite sitting down on the same table with Eddie, and you know that Eddie will never let things, you know, you cannot bluff your way in with Eddie. If it's something that does not make sense to him, it will say that in the nicest way, of course. Yeah. The intention is not to. Right. I'm not. Yeah. My intention isn't to embarrass or undermine anyone, but to understand. Right. And if it doesn't make sense to me, I'll say it doesn't make sense to me. I mean, I mean, I understand people, why they used to fear Chris Pine, because Chris Pine will, will say in your face, will tell you, listen, you know what? You're just a waste of time and space. Yeah. You should not be doing this. Chris Pine would say you're a waste of time and space. I wouldn't necessarily say that. I'd say. Yeah, no, no, but like I said, you know, I like Eddie. Ellie is the nicest person. I mean, this is what makes me, I mean, if you were like Chris, Eddie, yeah, again, Chris is my mate. And I'm so proud of him. And I like him to bits. Yeah. And I'm still in touch with him. Yeah. I still chat to him. Yeah. But, but, but again, Chris, I told him, Chris, I said, look, you're, you're nice, right? But, you know, you like me and I like you because we understand each other. And I've always gotten answers for you. And you got answers for me. Other people, the poor guys, they don't have the same knowledge. You don't, you don't, you don't need to do that. I mean, one of them, it was, what's her name? The Brazilian lady that she worked for you. What's her name? She works for Lenkanal. The Brazilian lady. Danielle. Danielle. She still works for me. Hey, you know, I was, I was in the meeting. She's still in my team. She ripped her apart. She's still in your team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought she was reporting to Lenkanal. I know. Danielle reports to me. Hannah reports to Lenkanal. So basically what's happened, he ripped her apart in front of me. I said, well, you could have at least let me, you know, leave and then say what you need to say. He was literally, but you are like Chris. You kind of, you will know that the person is not competent, but you don't say, I mean, in a way you've got multiple communication skills, nothing to say. I mean, it looks to me that you intentionally use this vocabulary that makes me scratch my head. And I said, what the heck is he saying? Meaning in a way I understand. I try and meet people on the level, right? I know you respond well to technical conversations. So I'll have a technical conversation with you. If I'm, if I'm trying to get the same message across to Danielle, I won't have a technical conversation. I will explain it to her in a, in a, in language that she will understand, right? That's always been the core skillset that I've had. That's got me to where I've got, right? Because look, I will, I know, I know, and I've said this to you before, right? I will learn enough about any topic to be able to talk confidently about it. Yeah. I am not an implementer, right? Yeah. I can talk theoretically about a million different things. You asked me to actually do it. I'm not a developer. There's a reason I wasn't. There's a reason I stopped being a developer, right? I'm not good at the actual implementation of this stuff. I get bored when it works. I don't continue, you know, my mentor, when I was developing, used to be like, okay, now, now let's make it better. And I was like, why would we make it better? It works. It's done. Right. And he's like, yeah, but you've written it in 2000 lines of code and we can probably do it in 200 lines of code. And I'm like, yeah, fuck that shit. I'm bored of that bit. Now I want to go work on something else. Right. Cause I'm always craving that novelty. And so I'm, I'm a terrible developer. I'm a terrible implementer of these, of these actual things when it comes to hand on implementation. And so the, the skillset that's got me through life is knowing enough about what the implementation looks like and enough about the theory of what we should be doing. And I do bits and pieces myself. Like, like you see, I've got local AI stuff and I set up stuff locally and I play around with agentic coding so that when I have a meeting with Thomas Bublik and he brings to me a load of stuff about agentic coding, I'm able to ask the right questions. I'm able to challenge him in the right way. I'm able to say, yes. Okay, great. But have you thought about X? Not because I'm better at it than him, because he's better at it than me. He is a hundred times better at it than me, but I bring a different angle to it sometimes. And that's, you know, what I've always had, right? Is being able to talk to people on the level that I think they need. What makes the question, Teddy, what makes the TCP better than UDP? One is connection. One is connection oriented. The other one is connection or connectionless, right? The TCP acknowledge, the TCP acknowledge, acknowledge the, so that makes it reliable, right? Yeah. And this is why you have Eddie. It's that, you know, just imagine yourself, you're on the meeting. Yeah. If I'm talking for five minutes or two minutes, whatever, yeah. And then I get an acknowledgement. What's that supposed to mean? That means the person understands me. Yeah. I mean, the thing, TCP and UDP, right? The way I've always thought about it is that TCP is the one that, that, that prioritizes resilience and UDP prioritizes speed, right? That's, that's, that's a nutshell. Exactly. The TCP is connection oriented, meaning you will make sure that the segment has been delivered. Make sure the information absolutely definitely gets there. Exactly. That's why the UDP makes sure it gets there as efficiently as possible, but it doesn't. Yeah, exactly. There you go. So look, I mean, the fact that I'm talking to you about TCP and UDP, even though it's not your area of expertise, that makes me feel good. Yeah. And I would like to, the next question is that when I'm going to be having a meeting with this guy next. You see, I mean, instead of me saying, you know what, God, I cannot wait to drop off. I mean, I'm sick and tired. It's look for me. I cannot say there is no way for me to say otherwise, Eddie. And this is it. I mean, when someone is talking about Lincoln, Eddie, why do you want to report to Eddie? He said, obvious, man. I mean, he speaks the same language when I speak, he can knowledge, and then he provides suggestions. When, when someone I'm talking to him, like, for example, this is a fact, Eddie, like I said, it's a fact. I know that some people, say, for example, we're stopping Said from saying the same thing about me, the same thing, the same way that he's saying it about Lincoln, right? I mean, people, they say, listen, you know, this guy talks too much. But for me, sometimes when I say to people, I said, because there is no other way for me to say otherwise. This is the problem. I mean, if you, Eddie, I like Eddie, it's not because he's in the meeting and I'm talking to him, so I have to praise him and I have to say something. No, for me, it's a fact. If I find it otherwise, I'll say, listen, I'll keep my watch out. I mean, I don't have to explain it the same way I'm saying it now, because I'm feeling relaxed now, to the point that I'm becoming very transparent. I don't speak the same way, like, you know, it was me, it was one hour and I said, can we reduce it to half an hour? And then I was pushing my luck. I was going to say, you know, well, let's make it 15. It's my one-to-one, right? But I just don't want to give her the impression that I'm, listen, I don't want to talk to you because I'm, I'm not getting nothing out of this meeting. It's just that I would rather do something else. Now she's in the C-suite. So there's a lot of talking about, because she's CFO, she can, she can survive it. With the CEO that, you know, she can talk about compliance and everything. But when it comes to operation, she knows that there's someone there who's got, you know, who's going to say, Lenka, have you thought about this place? Can you provide, can you shed some light on this? And that's where she's going to say, I'm going to be struggling. And then that will reflect my incapability. And then people that start doubting about me, you know, you know, not fit in the position that I've been given. And this is the concern. So I think, like you said, you named it earlier, the storm. So now I think she, you know, she's hoping for the storm to calm down a bit. And then obviously, but the only way to achieve this is to sit down with Eddie. Have you had the one-to-one with her? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have a one-to-one with her every week, but it ends up just being about operational topics. And we, we, I always think they're good chats, right? I always think they're really positive chats. And, and, you know, we both come away with it with, with a different point of view on things. We were talking this week about project management and, and how we, you know, how we deal with project management and delivery management and where they need to be focusing. And it was a good chat, right? Do you, do you think she understands you? I hope so. No, but, but from, you know, you can tap, right? Whether the person understand what you're saying or not. Um, for me personally, it looks to me that she doesn't understand. Okay. Fuck all. Um, do me a favor. Next time you talk to her, if she starts talking about Eddie, say two things to her. First of all, say, I don't know, have you, have you spoken to Eddie about it? And secondly, just say, look, Eddie's really supportive of you, Lenka, right? He's not, I'm not bad. I, you know, again, the reason that she's got the role she's got is because I was, I was backing her in it. And I am genuinely trying to be very supportive of her in the organization. And I'm saying to people, look, yes, I know there's some weird stuff happening right now. I hear you. Let's just go with it. She's going to need some time to settle into her role. She needs to find out kind of where her, where she can make a difference. I asked the question. I asked the question. I said, how did you come up with the conclusion? There was one single question. And it's a silent of 20 seconds. How did you come up with the conclusion that Eddie is this? I mean, you know, if you have, you know, if someone is convincing about what's going on and everything, you will provide you with the answer. Unless if she thinks that I'm a good close friend to you, that she want to. So I said to her, how did you come up with the conclusion? And she said, I really don't know. I said to her, because you're using this. It looks, it sounds, it is. I said, you know, there is only one way to find out, right? Is that you speak to Eddie. And I honestly had the assumption that you've never had one-to-one with her. No, I do. So again, I mean, look, for me, I did not hear, I did not hear it verbally, something negative. But for me, it's not about, it's, it's, it's about fear in that. She fears you. Right. And then I said to you, Eddie, everybody should not feeling in a way, feeling, feeling in a way that I don't want to be. No, it's interesting. It's interesting. You say it though, so because one of the things that I am now trying to do a little bit in the organization, certainly with my team, more with my team than anyone else is I've, I've now got a really strong leadership team under me. I would absolutely love you to be part of that leadership team. I really would. I, it will happen one day. I promise you. Um, you know, one of my next goals in the organization is I do want you to be in my leadership team. Um, it will happen. We just need to wait for the right time. Sure. I now have, I now have a strong, strong enough leadership team under me, right? With Jan, Jan's really stepped up into his role. He's doing a lot of good stuff in the org. Again, he's still, he's still got challenges here and there, but he's doing a lot of good stuff with Martin. You know how I feel about Martin. Yeah. He's great at the, the, the political stuff. He again has his challenges from time to time. He's not perfect, but he's, you know, he's, he's, his mindset's right and his heart's in the right place. Um, um, Oh fuck. Have you heard about Alistair? No. Alistair's going. Are you, it's not, not again. Yeah. Again. Why? Long story. Um, but the, the, the short version of it is he was just really struggling with the time zone because he's, uh, West. He can't be flexible with that. Yeah, but he's West coast us. And you know, his role that he has now, and I do feel a little bit guilty about it because, you know, I put him in the position, his role that he has now, he needs to be super visible in the organization. And it's so hard, right? He gets up at 5am every day and even getting up at 5am, he's missed three quarters of the work day because 5am there is 3pm in Prague. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so he gets up at five and he's obviously tired when he comes onto meetings at 5am because it's five in the fucking morning. Right. And people are operating at full capacity at 3pm. And, uh, and you know, he has then two hours while the Czech Republic is still online to try and get anything done in from a Alistair is visible in the organization kind of way. And he's just, he's been really struggling with it. And, um, you know, I had a long chat with him while I was in Atlanta. Um, uh, and, uh, you know, I'd been getting some feedback from people saying, you know, he's, he's not as visible as he needs to be. He's not leading the product as he needs to be. And I was like, yeah, but we can't expect him to because he's on the West coast in the U S. Right. So, you know, it's, it's wrong role, wrong time is the, is the, is the very short answer. Um, is it, is it becoming a topic because, because of his new role or what is it? I mean, what made it visible now, not before? Yeah. I think it's really because of the, the, the recent. Well, since, since we have started taking products seriously again. Yeah. Which is only the last two months really. Right. As an organization, I know I always, I've always have talked to product, but we've only really been taking products seriously again with the hero combo and, and, uh, the, the, the new drive with our investors to build for the future and all of this sort of stuff. Right. Since that, what we needed was a step change in the visibility of the whole product team, not just the Eddie show. Right. We need the whole product team to be stepping up and doing more. And, and he was really struggling with it. And so we came to the, the mutual decision that, that, um, Oh my God, that shook me a bit. Honestly, it was a real shit conversation for me and it was a shit conversation for him. He and I still best mates, still very, you know, we're still, he's literally texting me in the background right now. Right. So, um, there's no bad blood between me and him. He's, yeah, but still a big loss, right? It's a huge, it's a huge loss for me personally, honestly, because yeah, while he wasn't necessarily the most visible product guy in the organization, he was, because I used to, and have actually throughout the time when he come back, I used to do, uh, what we call my dog walk talk, right? My DWT. Yeah. Um, two or three times a week because I take the dog out late 9 PM, right? Which is 2 PM his time. Um, so I would go out on my dog walk and I would have a long hour, hour and a half chat with Alistair and I've talked things through and it would help me get my head straight into what we should be focusing on and all of this stuff. So personally I've, I've had way more value out of him than maybe the organization has seen. Right? Yeah. So for me personally, it's a huge loss and it's obviously not something that I wanted to, to have to have the conversation with. It's not something that I wanted to do. Um, but it makes sense. It makes sense for AV and it makes sense for Alistair. I genuinely think he would be, he would be more effective in a role where he is, isn't having to get up at 5 AM and fight against three quarters of a day of decisions that have already been made. Right? He would be. And I had to kind of admit that to him is I'm being a little bit selfish asking you to stay. Right? Because I'm getting the value. Um, and I think it is actually burning him out. So, um, uh, you know, that that's the, sorry to, sorry to ask the question. You're sure it's not one of these that it's East versus West. There was a little bit of that as well. There was, because some of the feedback that I was getting was, uh, that's my concern. I'll be honest with you. Because obviously, there was, I'm not going to lie to you, side. And I went, I won't cover it up. There was a little bit of, of feedback coming up to Mike, you know, saying, Oh, but Alistair's this and Alistair's that. And Alistair's the other. And I'm like, look, it's, it's not the case, but there are problems, right? That's the, that's the thing is that there are, there are, uh, issues with it. And so, you know, I had to, I had to, to, to take that, um, uh, decision. So I wouldn't say no, I, I would absolutely not say it was 100%. Oh, he's not check. We need to get rid of him. Right. And even if that was the case, the, the person stepping up into the role is Charles. So, you know, it's not like, it's not like the next in line would have been a check guy anyway. Um, uh, and Charles is doing really good work right now. I don't know how much you talk to Charles, but Charles is doing really good work right now. He's really enthusiastic. He's really, you know, he's working at pace. He's getting stuff done. He's doing the implementation stuff that we need. Um, and actually where I now need to, to focus with Charles is getting him thinking about the future of the product, not just the current implementation. So. One, one thing that I'll leave you alone because another four minutes over and I know you're busy, very busy men. One thing that you can, you can think about it. You don't have to give me the answer now, maybe in the next meeting, what I've seen in here, at least some team members and other teams as well from, from other department, they said to me, um, I'm talking about worst here. They said, listen, Saeed, I'd rather be indeed a contributor and hidden, not seen earning the money because the moment that I'm going to be stepping up and doing some work, when I'm going to be visible, I'm going to be exposed. And then, you know, what's going to happen. It's going to be within the umbrella life. You see what I mean? East versus West. That's, that's what's worrying me at the minute. And I did, I've, I've highlighted it directly and I need, you know, again, look, Saeed, I'm only being as honest with you because it's you. I've highlighted it to both Mike and to Sarah. I've said, look, we do need to keep an eye on this because look at who's gone recently. Right. Chris Virgin's going. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know, you know, that, that, that man, when I heard the news because of the, he was a lever and I had to kind of, because I'll get notification when someone is in the lever. I was really upset about it. I didn't. Very man. Very, very, very, very upset. I mean, it's a lot. And actually, I think he does good work and I don't, I don't really, honestly, I don't really get the decision, but it does fit. It does honestly. And I'm not talking to me CPTO here. I'm talking about a guy in AV. Now, look, don't get me wrong. I know I'm safe and I a hundred percent guarantee you you're safe, why people in our company would be thinking at the moment. Well, if I'm not in the Germany office and I'm not in the Czech office, then I'm vulnerable. That's it. That's what it is. I can understand why people are thinking that. And it's not the case. And I guarantee you it's not the case. A, because. How can I, how can I assure him? If I'm going to say this is not the case, but what's, what's visible, what's in the field, it says, I don't know. It says completely the opposite. How can I convince them? I mean, look, I'm written. I'll tell you what I need to do. I need to. I am. I'm going to. I'm going to pull together a once a month UK team check-in. Right. And I'll lead a UK team check-in and I'll take on the role of head of the UK team, whatever. Right. Yeah. And actually we will start treating the UK team as an entity as well. Cause they have a German team meeting. They have a Czech team meeting. I'll do it with the UK. I'll just say, look guys, that would be good. Eddie. That would be good because, um, Eddie, it's, it's a, it's a huge concern. Um, because me reaching out to people, I said, you make sure that this, this, this, this UPN is no longer in our applications, any application, for example, whatever it is, make sure that it's, we just deleted part of the, the, when they call it, the, um, um, um, delete in the user, uh, what's the term for it? Um, of Bordida. Um, and then what's, what's things that I kept repeating itself is always, there's lever among the list that is British base, right? Um, and people are asking, they said, well, isn't that one of these umbrella of the Czech empire? Meaning, I mean, you know, some, one of them has been told, I can get two people with your suffering, you know, with your salary, right? So they said, we can, I can get two people. I'm someone having a discussion. It was a laugh. That is basically the, he meant it or she meant it. So one of the team members at the world side, is that, is that the time to, are we hitting the roundabout? Well, I'm going to have to start thinking, taking the left now. Now don't get me wrong. And I said, we're not there yet. It's not the case. And I can guarantee you it's not the case. In fact, I often have conversations with Mike about roles that should definitely sit outside the Czech Republic. And there are lots of them, right? And actually one of the big pushes that we are going to be making is we need more. And you'll notice that, for example, our entire sales team are not Czech, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. And what we are seeing is more of a drive towards people that need to be an external face of the organization are not going to be from the Czech Republic, majoritively. And one of the things that I want to do with, with you say together, me and you, is I want you to start getting involved in some of the, in fact, why don't we do this? Why don't we take this as an initiative right now? And I'll talk to Lenka about it. I would love to get you involved in some of the, like the security council, the German security council conversations. I'd love to get you involved in some of the, the external payments industry security stuff. Right? I'd love to. I'd love to. Now, I know you're not coming at it from, from 100% expertise today, but you know, that's where I think you should grow your expertise is start looking at. Why not? Payments industry security on top of the shit you already do, because then again, doubles the justification of, well, yeah, but Saeed is product security because he knows payments industry security stuff. So let me, let me do this. Let me go and find something, a council, a meeting, a, even a LinkedIn channel or a group or something that you can start getting involved in. As payments industry security, because the trade show that I just came back from the ETA Transact is a pure payment show, right? There's another one which has just happened in Germany, the MPE, the merchant payments expo. And there are a few of these events, which are pure payments, right? And a lot of the talks that were there were security, legal compliance, these sorts of things. But let's do that. Let's position you in a role, which is not just internal expert, but market expert, external facing, the face of AV security. I'd love to, especially when it's coming from you, Eddie. If, if, if Lincoln would ask me to do the same thing, I wouldn't, I'll be honest with you. This is a fact. Again, I'm, I'm talking facts from you. I'm more, I'd be, you know, I'd be more than happy to. Yeah, but you'll be doing it. You'll be doing it with me, right? And I can, I can justify that by saying, look, I need a, as CTO, I need a security representative in some of the conversations that I'm going to be having externally about the organization. And who better, who better than say. I appreciate you. It means a lot to me, Eddie. Okay. Let's do that. Let's do that. Because, because A, it helps us position better for the future. B, it gives you additional visibility in your role internally and externally. And, and C, it means that, again, it becomes a more, a more meaty role for you, right? It's not just about the, the internal day-to-day operational security. It's about the theoretical long-term. And I like the idea as well, the office, you know, UK office. I mean, you're our last hope, Eddie. And we are glad that we still have a CPTO who is based in the UK. Not to say, and listen, I'm against the idea of East versus West. You know, I always looked at AV as one entity. Yeah. I'm the same. But, you know, sometimes it looks to me that this is not the case. And then people, they said, okay, this, I told them, I told them, listen, I mean, as a good example, I told them about the cells. They said, well, the cells, there is a prerequisite for the communication skills. I mean, people, they require to have a communication, so they can communicate it with the, externally. And then for the CPTO, he said, we are lucky enough to have a knowledgeable person. That's the, he's our only last hope. And then if they're going to see something on the horizon, like you suggested now, you suggested that we kind of revive the people because now shoulders are down. People are standing on screen. Trust me on this one. You know, that is at least, you know, every single person, I'm not sure about, you heard about Andy, but I'm, I'm assuming that you have one-to-one. I talk to Andy regularly. Yeah. And he's, he's having the same concern, the poor guy. So, yeah, no, I mean, that would be nice if we talked to him. I'm in constant contact with Andy. So again, I'm, I'm trying to manage his, his, his state at the moment. His, his panic in the poor guy. So, functionally so, I am already acting as, let's call it general manager of the UK. So, yeah, you know, I'm, I'm talking to you, A, because you're product security and it matters to, to product and my technology team. And B, because you're a senior member of staff in the UK and I am, let's, let's, whether it becomes an official title or not, let's just pretend I'm general manager UK. So I'm checking in on the UK, on the UK team. And I'll, I'll happily expand that role. Right. And I will say, Hey, look, I'm going to have coffee chats with everybody in the UK, at least once a month. Right. Yeah. That would be nice. That would be nice. At least, you know, people, they will, they know that, you know, there are, there are some concerns that has been spoken to Eddie. And as it stands now, people, they saying, you know, it's this, because obviously now they don't have visibility to each other. That's in itself. It's a weakness. Right. You need a UK team building session as well. Exactly. It's a virtual one. Right. I apologize. I took 15 minutes. I always like talking to you. You know, that's how much I enjoyed the conversation with you. I mean, I mean, I mean, it when I say it, right. I love our conversations on a Thursday. I know I can't always make them, but I love our conversations. I understand. I completely understand. They're genuinely helpful for me as well. So thank you very much, buddy. Yeah. No problem at all. And anytime, Eddie. Yeah. Have a good one. Stay safe. Take care. Bye. Bye.

--- TRANSCRIPT END ---